now that’s ut prosim
thinking about the time i was walking from center st to hokie grill drunk as shit and some guy yells “ yo yo check ur shirt” and one tit had just flopped out of my hater top
y’all r so weird LOL
solid tweet wokelord
i hate myself just got scammed by a sugar daddy to pay him ten bucks so he would pay me 7000 holy shit this would’ve never happened if i didn’t drink wine tn
wish i could give u a hug
just found goya beans in my dad’s pantry god dammit
good morning on the futon imma give her that penis
you’ve been around fam too long we need to get u raunchy again
miss u 
i really coded assembler in vim
been there done that  
good morning im gonna smush y’all in a big hug soon 
nola’s big ass head
picture of all of yellow phone
i love a charcuterie board mostly cause it has cooter in the name
where r ur glasses bro!
RIGHT !!!! i honestly just stood there in shock
just had a man at walmart scream at me from his car to “take the fucking mask off idiot” how ignorant do u have to be to get mad at OTHER people for wearing a mask oh my fuck
a great resource for all white people to better understand our privilege and ways to break white solidarity 
coolest kid i know!!! this is awesome  
i wanna kiss one of those hippie girls w a hula hoop
I MISS U!!!
really shitty of my ex to post an attractive photo
ur birthday pancakes were made with vegan butter and almond milk BUUUURRRRNNNNNNN
what do u do when ur bestie has a dump truck ass an u can’t stop staring at it 
hahahahha i miss y’all so much!!!! i got it from that 70s show but it was too relatable not to tweet
i like eating chicken in bed.. everything’s a napkin
only good part of virtual grad is i can hold my blanky and have nola by my side
never been so happy to see a green circle
hnf
FLAWLESS 
good morning! i miss u
i got taken out by some garlic cheesy bread last night oof
i haven’t had a good tweet since i got rid of ikea monkey
my roomate just said she nutted from her february calendar 
bro we were miles away from each other i didn’t even know
am i the only one who didn’t know frank ocean went to UL!!!!
my roommate just put her toe in my dogs face and said “suck it”
keep oiling that bad boy
it's the weed :(
chi chi 
red flag bro
ur bubble sort im quicksort we r not the same
the fluffiest pancake is in my mouth rn
my dog walks in the living room, sees me and my roomies back on our bs watching love island, then jogs upstairs to go to bed
abby reads the average erect penis size and uncle A goes yea buddy 
....it’s the ikea monkey but ok ahmad
weirdo alert
toast
i secretly buttered abby’s toast with vegan butter and she has no idea 
u only say this cause u love me
i MISS U !!!!
like this 
most?
if u don’t love me in my nickleback shirt u can’t have me in a tube top
woke up to feel some regret
layin in bed butt naked doing sudoku puzzles
yes uncle A im talking to u
ur room smells like toe jam! on a hot day !!!!!
i’m coming 
i wouldn’t be where i am today without my blanky
my squishy baby 
oh shiiiit !!!  u go baby hands
i asked nola if i could have a kiss and she punched me in the face
seriously considering replacing my pinned tweet with this one. imma reevaluate sober
i whisper under my breath “i miss big tones” at least once a week :’(
nola’s interested
holy shit i can’t believe how amazing my friends are 
big tones PLS u know i’m sensitive rn
y’all say saturday is for the boys I say saturday is for the boys to code an app
wanker!
alright whose toes i gotta suck for this to go away
the worst part is he was talking about numerical analysis
my homie just said “u know what i miss? numb anal”
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do! #MyTwitterAnniversary #fuckshaft  
i can’t wait to hear ..HAVE UR ID AND COVER READY 
 ily
missing YOU
don’t put me on aux i will play 6lack
knife
oh grow up
i think that’s the hair that always bothers me
fuck toilet paper im just worried about my incense and weed
y’all so annoying but ily
How Well Do You Know Me?   
y’all havin fun
day 7 
probably lol
this is the type of community we need
what do u know
the birds in blacksburg been acting real suspicious lately
at times like this i love when a bar bathroom smells like chlorine
ardrians been quarantined at my house for 2 hours now and i’ve already got him on the love island train 
just discovered who u r wokelord!!
yea i will when u come back and i don’t miss u anymore
i said once i’ll say it again we do not deserve ahmad ayub
i got booed off a mechanical bull last night
spring break !!!! 
it’s spring break nerd
biggest fucking boomer i ever met
the world does not deserve ahmad ayub
all i can think about 
i WANT
this is so cutie !!!
nola why’d u post this after i fell asleep
oh my god
wish i could’ve seen this
just caught an amish in a bikini
uuu rrr sooo beautiful 
he did!!?????
sparsh said he’s giving up coochie for lent.  i said so ur not giving up anything ????
nobody wants me canceled bud
#loveyourpetday 
i wish i was slim thick
i don't think the people like this ahmad
this smells like geo
this is so cute 
don’t worry there’s enough gummies for everyone
i just gave nola a sour gummy 
do u want to build a fucking snowman
i regret googling steven tyler's toes
fetal position sounds nice right now
my favorite painting so far  
why u yelling
ask ahmad to say the sentence "do u like beans" he can't do it
lmaoooo hey u tryna grab a cup of coffee ?
i’m kinda cute square
Alicia keys is my dream girl
don’t judge this was a blacked out tots tweet
i just took a dna test i need some heat
no one im just horny
this is extremely uncalled for ahmad.
do u want me to start bringing u some or what
fake hokie
adidas beanie stays on during sex
this is a really good tweet
so much music to listen to today. don’t text
my babies !!
go spend time with ur family
absolutely not
knew you’d have something to say
nola got more presents than i did
blame tots for my fucked up timbs
we love u <3
ok :)
nobody ever thought this was as funny as we did
u have a problem
no way you'd wake up after a night at TOTS at 4 am to sneeze
yeah my dad always tells me to shut up and rub some dirt on it
im ur monk
how do u know we don't
i want to see 
it’s long as hell but u and pai would entertain each other !! come i’ll be here all winter break
i LOVE U!!!!!!
pls y’all do it. just don’t slam on the breaks cause y’all both got the big heads
THANK U baby hands love u
i love u thank u !!!! my sissy
That might be cool
cap one taught u nothing
y'all ever think about celibacy
this is the exact type of humor I'm in the mood for this morning
I DON'T SLAM ON MY BREAKS 
baby hands i am crying LIQUID STRAINER
absolutley 
i love u 
like who
why would u choose this photo
a simpler time  
so cute
i’ve been trying to think of a funny cs one all day  good work
that’s hillarious lmao
i gave u the pats one cause u never stop whinin
the only person i’ll ever let disrespect me is my dog
i’m only listening to russ today. happy friday
it’s so CUTE
nobody makes me feel like danny caesar does
what’s sco pa tu manna mean
i don’t make the rules!
let’s all take our meds this weekend
put the blunt down haha
weirdo
nichols
bro i told u i knew jake
tell me this dude doesn’t look smack like jake long the american dragon 
ahahhahahahahhaha
fader u were popin offfff last night
me and sparsh were worried about u today reading these tweets
god nichols is gonna love this shit
is this what y’all are gonna do for the concert
omg
you’ve been too invested in my mind since the start
chill 
my nubs are crying out for help
it’s time to buck up and stop biting my nails
wtf
yeah wtf i saw ur tweet to geo and was like  miss u
bruh what about sharkeys
omg haahhahahahahah
all i gotta say is bad tweet brodie
it’s never the same with reduced fat
i’m mad at baker. like take those off
sparsh said nola is lgbtq
tell tiki helllllllllll YA
u so cool dev
i’m at work chiiiilllll
my content been mad boring lately. somebody break my heart
ur mom
do i stay awake and eat or hit the juul again ?
i’d enjoy tots so much more if nola was invited too
i had one for dinner last night !!
but we sang middle child together so it was alright i guess
i went on a date with someone solely because he said he knew every word to every j cole song and it was the worst 3 hours of my life
i can't believe logan paul happened
 i’m severely attracted to u.
is heather letting u borrow her phone ?? what platform are you tweeting from ??
i keep going to say "your welcome" then half way through change it to "no problem" and i end up just saying "your problem" when customers say thank you o_0
THIS IS THE GREATEST THING IVE EVER SEEN
mmm ok geo
this guy behind me in class is chowing down some chick fila loud af so annoying
i’ll never trust a horse girl
i will never not pronounce the name Benjamin “been-jamin” like yeah we been jamin to the radio
what do u do when all u can think about is cheese?
the fact that i once posted a picture with a sororiy sister and captioned it “sista sista” makes me want to kill myself
i know u like my material 
right? got me fucked up
i hope you’ve expanded on this in ur journal 
i miss my sausage girl  
I HATE U BITCH
can’t wait to see u 
my babygirl is a meatloaf  
who tf is picking me up from the airport then 
people get it pierced!
can’t wait to give my sister a wet willy tomorrow <3
i like to fall asleep with atleast one hand on either nola’s left or right butt cheek
ok u right u right all praise to butt 
of course he did
honestly i too hope to interact with a squirrel or two, also a duck when i head to the park
ahmad posted up so hard in second pic
haha all the way in the mf back !!
kamala harris can get ittttt
i miss the womb
bro stfu 
i wonder if people know they are hurting my feelings when they are hurting my feelings
my baby got her anal glands cleaned today 
she bad
stay away from my family
i hate when i log onto instagram and don’t see any boomerangs of friends cheersing their drinks at fun restaurants :/
FOOOK i’m excited
makinG MOVES RANA  
miss u boo boo
hop on the pod train !!
men really think me minding my business with my airpods in means “come talk to me and interrupt my alone time!!!!!!”
ok who gave my dog hubba bubba 
i’m here for this !!
i told sparsh i got attacked by some birds and he really said it’s cause they knew my “vibes were off”
caption this plz  
“cause that’s what potatos do”
 u  
saw them last year, even better live craazyyy
rks fan?!?
YESSSSS
what’s OBO 
fuck nola was right this whole time! trump train!
self love IS THE BEST LOVE
y’all never visited meh!
haha i miss u
nas wrote the bible
hey sparsh! fuck u
fuck call me lmao
i don’t wanna know  she’ll probably fuckin retweet it later
one of my airpods just jumped out of my ear
when i say i’m “back on my bullshit” it usually just means i re-downloaded tinder
this made me cringe so hard omg
yo u stay chillin i love that energy
these are so cute oooommmmggg
sparsh  
holy shat that sweet cotton candy
i hate y’all
hair face eyes ugh   
never slouchin not even on couches in the livin room
nobody call my dog nola anymore, she’s turkey sub now
hahahahha
don’t start
ur fuckin telling me dude
u mean to tell me everything will be fine if i call ur hotline and pay $29.99?
my baby likes bones now 
u gotta keep up with my energy pshay
thinking about changing my user name to “eggscheese andpotatos”
i’m a pit bull but for u i’d be on chains tied up
 i miss u
this was supposed to go to ur honey but feelios tweet
oh shit bro u good?
concerts just weren’t meant for us rn bro
today i will assert dominance over my puppy 
the thought of trump being re-elected makes me sick to my stomach
don’t encourage this behavior. this bish been actin like she runs this place
i bit Nola’s toy while she was playing with it and she fuckin bit my face
be sendin one my way son
 beauty
meth babies  
oh yeah
this picture
i get to wake up to this every day 
no chance thanos would let u live
u should've seen me on the bus this morning i had on my best smile
“wait should i take hella dayquil before we go out?”
just speak english dude
golden hour 
any number. hit me
i miss u :’(
i don't like ur tone
i refuse to sit by while u drag my dog's name through the mud motherfuckers
love u cutie sweetie baby
got  a new toy. next stop grandmas house 
 what r u doing right now
 alright enough is enough show urself
i don’t even have access 
nola honey u just ate u still hungry ? damn
who’s opposable thumbs did u use to create this
nola what the fuck ??? i told u no social media til ur 7
my dog never chews on anything... but she chewed a hole in one of our blankets this morning  reply with advice on how i should handle this
 follow me back
y shorty
“i can’t wait to go to therapy then come home and smoke all day cause therapy doesn’t work”
this is big
i wish this happened to me 
sunken place
nola getting married to someone ELSE!
 what are you looking at in the second pic? (wrong answers only)
fuck it, hop on psych
i keep thinking you are lexi in the tl
i will at some point climb mt. everest and quote this tweet
mahiya ve
very lumpy, solid work
full body picture of u and ahmad hugging
just texted anonymous, that’s crazyyyy
just texted jeff bezos, how’d u get in his notes?
that’s definitely fucked, and the president should be removed for those irresponsible, sexist comments, but this is also fucked. both need to be changed in my opinion 
it’s terrible what women in college go through. eliminate greek life for perpetuating rape culture and imprison abusers
“As a student at Williamsburg middle school I along with other classmates ‘re-enacted’ the civil war where some people ‘played’ confederate soldiers. A gross and bizarre way to teach students...”  
Hey Chief Officer Gregory, on the same note, you should check out this petition made by the local Arlington community on racial education:  
Many of my republican friends have reached out to me to discuss policy changes and worldview and I don’t believe anyone tolerates brutality. If anything the lesson should be theres no logically consistent political party. They chose their stances on hot button issues arbitrarily.
i’ve seen social media create this american republican who is a walking contradiction, supporting the covid protests but not the blm protests, supporting gun rights and small gov but not fighting against police brutality. These are extreme oversimplifications imo
truly horrific  
they’re useful for community organization, but these CEOs also know that fact and abuse it.
instead of giving ig more activity with blackouttuesday, after hearing the unsupportive comments made by the fb CEO, users should view and delete their data from these sites or delete these applications altogether, to create consequences for indifference.
repeal 50A, which is legislation in NYC that allows police to shield police misconduct and failed police disciplinary processes from the public. 

transparency of information!!

Sign the petition, please:  
protesting is an American right. Same as the right to information, especially on our elected leaders. These are the freedoms y’all are always talking about.
i told my mom i’m applying to join anonymous and she said wait for your citizenship 
read and internalize the actions made by the president. Fuck anyone who can support this pedophile  
holy shit!  
   
old white people bro 
i have a sense of sadness, longing, and existential awareness. thanks pal
let me retweet this
shit comin in patchy life sucks!
check in on your brown friends without beards during quarantine
drippin no waterbending 
my first tiktok  
fifteen year-olds in indie movies be like “i hope you find something to believe in”
the final one
u earned it big guy
the past sem you woulda missed was all virtual anyway alum status
appreciate you  
greg klatt talkin bout a sandwich and shithe just like me
posted with demons is a classical hindi song
down
ur my arch nemesis
my advisor sent me an email to update my degree shipping address so i changed it to my biggest hater’s house
chillin with my cs guys after the party, call that a function returning bool
congratulations big dog
alum in the bio, i’m terrified  
now that i’m free from becoming a cliche, i’m good to pick up a tobacco addiction if anyone else is down
i made it through 4 years of college without hitting a vape even once
never again
brown boy got the game on lock
blessing the tl
my guy caved  
thank you brother can’t wait for virtual graduation
Closing all the tabs after finishing an undergraduate degree >>>  
Tech’s best
very anticipated and incredibly gorgeous
come to find out theyre teaching the same shit  
thinkin bout Rani Mukherjee 
Greatest year of all time
AP has me weeping in NOVA end of an era man
brown/desi people have a huge problem of kissing the colonizer’s ass, please everyone learn some self respect. possibly read about your heritage, you’re ONE of an immensely smart, culturally-rich people
on ig live with one viewer call that a conversation
COVID 20 boutta look exactly like Cell Perfect form
calling all english majors please analyze!
i’m gonna larp as 6’4
go park there fuck it
chop stick
don’t give me $2 trillion emergency aid direct deposit checks structured as $1,200 tax refunds per adult per household, give me TOP‼
it’s quarantine let’s go crazyy 
damn
post the updated bracket after the carnage
where’s boogieeee!
Kendrick, RKS, Pop Smoke, Frank Ocean




  
all brown dads have two different dumbbells of the same weight
stay home if u sick, come over if u thicc
y’all talking about a global disease, but you won’t try to EASE the burdens your girl is facing during DIS trying time
online class means all bullying is now cyber bullying
broke my heart fr
will an onlyfans girl let me borrow her 4K Pro HD streaming webcam for virtual graduation
send chug
unluckiest year bro, across all colleges
on repeat in my brain‼ balenciagas on my jacket my shirt my pants my socks and my undieeesss
class of 2020 has it so bad i swear
this tweets about u‼
what if behind that anime avi twitter account was the love of your life... makes you think
you are a menace
dummy dripped out on the couch, asking my mom if she could bring me some dahi cheeni
wasted a fit today, mfs was social distancing 
she can’t belong to the streets if she can’t go outside
you are tweaking big jama
there is no clear evidence in the video itself to support this but i know that she watches anime  
i had you bro no worries 
the dinosaurs: the markets will definitely bounce back, i think it’s a good time to invest actually haha
We need to talk, son. If your mother and I catch you simping even one more time, you’re fucking grounded!
for all intents and purposes, I already graduated last night at the beach with benji and ananda semesters over don’t text
only geo should be able to do the follow train and it’s where we all just follow him
lemme tell y’all about my opinions on the economic capital inflow outflow related to the stock market and the effects of the corona virus
tacos tequila C-C-CC-COMBOO!
would cavemen be watching the world below and evolving with the times? would they wear pants??
thanks robot bitch
what the????
under bernie all newborn children will be given names by The Collective
happy leap day, big sorry to anyone born today‼how old are you now three??
wowwww‼
gnar time‼
u know i’m right bro
lemillion should’ve gotten one for all instead of suck ass deku
i’m always late bc i’m an optimist‼
holy shit  
rip pop smoke
u gotta stop man
he’s talking about joker discussing class difference, obviously he never even bothered to watch parasite to compare which film was actually better  he just hates it automatically bc it’s foreign
how many lumens is the sun‼‼
damn bro what i do   
if you’re gonna air my shit out, don’t redact my name‼
doctors during a physical will get you naked and vulnerable in the checkup room & leave u in that bitch for 35 minutes 
mfs in sci-fi movies will break a computer monitor and think they saved the world from A.I.
fuck off 
you might’ve hit your epoch with this one
robeson, hancock, and henderson halls could be right next to each other or on opposite sides of campus i would not know
specific ass honey nut feelios
lady at the hospital just hit me with the “please come again” 
i wanna be a math tutor to a rich girl and have my father later kill her father
yall always act tough, come to find out at reading time i popcorn to u and you can’t pronounce salmon
u didn’t deserve them
cheers brother
second semester senior LETS GO!!!!!
i hate that cringey politicians and ceos are on the same internet as us blue collar e-boys
i’m gonna be in dc over christmas after three years as well! must link!
if local police gonna act like black ops military, imma start acting like i’m drop dead gorgeous 
geeks for geeks and W3Schools are good resources 
imagine creating a perfectly intelligent, human level AI only for it to be a complete douche.

after credits tweet: same concept applies to your children as well
sadly, i am not the creator of this website
this tweet was inspired by the 1000 piece puzzle my sister and i attempted
i wonder if i could make everything in my house if i were given all the pieces in one giant pile
i’ve implanted lexi with a god complex
fuck, they are both regimes 
republicans are dads and democrats are moms
in 10,000 years 
how the absolute fuck is this not entrapment??  
i wish i could go back to 2010 so i could post “lost all my contacts message me ur numbers” one. last. time. 
why u wanna know 
i’m a ROAD MAN call me Pedestrian
they shoulda never let you travel
as an afghani man... very different
delete the tweet 
damn im gonna miss my friends next year :-(
danny phantom wore balenciagas
i feel like gambling and talking about business is so ideal, also bc u can examine how strategic someone is
:-( there can only be one
nooooooooo
what!
i’m gonna name her coochie
solid thread  
game of thrones shoulda been an anime
i’m losing my goddamn mind  
fuckin genius
idk why my friends keep wishing me a “happy hour” yeah it’s been pretty great what’s the move for tonight??
course request but for cuffing season
accountability 
indian people were cracked when they invented cs youtube tutorials
dm for my opinions
fuckin here we go again with the spanish Beto
wow... okay
Just saw Joker and I think he was just expressing himself 
twitter . com feels just like chillin w all my friends 
hilarious series of tweets 
your heart don’t stand a chance 
don’t flex for the internet like u even know who that is 
you could easily make a sparsh chili pepper bot, —>
noun verb verb noun preposition noun emojiemojiemoji

scientists love naming birds after tiddies 
uve probably noticed all the nazis on the internet, so i’ll confess, it was me who installed all their wifi routers three years ago
people with alopecia are immune to crabs
it’s beautiful, thanks bud
lexi and i are gonna do this one  
....soon
i’m gonna get a cat
nezukooooooo
oh my fucking god 
fuck, they are both cats 
tigers are cats and lions are dogs
tots AGAIN 
what if the corporations disney and warner bros actually owned and monetized real super heroes
the boys is just what if everyone in my hero academia was fuckin evil
damn so is kanye itachi   
i hate blacksburg transit
bad tweet
bad tweet
i wonder how many finsta posts exist about me, decaying as digital waste. Let me see my children, Susan
a perfect even split, as god intended
class of 2018: MAKE HIBTORY fellas! lets all just make a lil H18TORY ha ha
picking ur significant other on them liking the same band as you is so low barrier to entry, but lmk music recommendations haha
all the cool people from the sixties smoked cigarettes and are likely dead, therefore all of the old people alive today are total losers...
no welcome
eyes LOCKED on target
  at hokie house
tech said shut up   
big dog 
drop the dark mode  u stingy bitch
3 bonks and you’re out
solid debate fellas, bernie sanders and elizabeth warren are both good choices, but I personally think Kendrick Lamar should be the Hokage
this fuckin guyyy 
thank god
don’t come into my house, bonk in front of MY kids
On the third day God said thou shall not bonk
do it man you’re still young!
Pixar’s “Inside Out” came out 4 years ago and y’all still have therapists? lmao
i’m a cancer no astrology 
beauuuuuutiful
peer: would you like some alcohol?
me, a twenty year old: no thanks, bud
the dreamville album is actually craaaazyyyy
it’s crazy that toddlers walk around talkin bout “yo i’m gonna try for 4 steps, could u watch my form” “i could use a spot” 
octomom and i combined have 8 kids  
let her stay    
rapper!
138K RT                     403K LIKES
tyson food inc is “Big Meat” but so are all my guys
drop the tat pic
yeah bro i’m rushing apache kafka this fall
i would prefer that
speak young one
i be sendin edible arrangements
viral tweet
we, the american people, have been getting fed dog propaganda for years. The doctrine “a man’s best friend” is being used by Big Dog to brainwash us.
imma be tattling on all y’all until tim sands makes me his hand
Lexi, sipping a long island with the devil:  
what happened to macklemore? why don’t he mackle no more
congratulations to all the graduates enjoy getting colonoscopies lmao
my central nervous system and my peripheral nervous system have separate instagram accounts
it means nufin to me
you need believers in the mafia
summer break means record-breakingly low levels of brain activity coming from yours truly
nobody:

no one:

not a single goddamn soul:

arya: ahoy
no vacancy is my new favorite shit
round two when we graduate i get to cut urs
freshman year was 30 minutes ago this is messed up
just finished my first watch through of scarface so please PLEASE don’t FUCK with me
grey worm finally started the race war we been waiting for
happy mother’s day to everyone but cersei
biiiig mad king vibes coming off daenerys tonight
100% on moss 
 he calls him an idiot at the end too  dad logic
ooooh rapper
great crossover episode
aegon the motherfuckin guy, third of his name
Thanos snapping away half of the universe would mostly affect the insect population. Off straight probability, you know how many bugs there are damn!
why crop out the answer?  
savage 
boom solved
ILOVEBUTT
congratulations sab u bad then and u bad now
 let’s get weird bro 
everyone when geo posts his pictures 
geo whenever earth day is approaching 
ayyyeeee i do fw this planet doh
school is almost done
i wish there was a gdb for problems i have in my life
shoot my shot like tormund
i didn’t fuckin tweet this
who wants to go see la llorona? off some cursed shit
gave myself a long weekend by mistake 
shit do we gotta know that one for systems?
omg u haven’t seen it ???? 
all my guys are bollas
here’s some advice: stronger locks
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
i’m deleting this tweet
babies when the object permanence comes in:  
biiiig reading head
guy whose fingers look like bananas: yeah im definitely gonna get a prenup  just to make sure ya know
lexi used to be in the group chat and after i sent this tweet she isn’t anymore!! i’m finally free!!! 
amond
hello  – at 
kyoto 
just absolutely vaporize my shit 
too much pressure but glad to have u back on twitter 
“are you nervous for that interview?”

me, aware of the likelihood that reality is impercievable and probably entirely imagined: hell yea dude
when are they gonna come out with the shower2? having water fall directly on your body can NOT be the best way to clean it
i look tiny
that’s butta!
me too 
vacation sparsh is dead and i miss him
cs syllabus week is just professors telling you that you’re gonna fail their class
we got a whole cow
i took my whole ass phone underwater snorkeling bc i got beef with each of my photographer friends. Shoutout to apple tho, the bitch lived 
on route to thailand rn come thru
more pictures coming!
angkor wat 
will there be a draft? 
i’ve never seen mariah carey and santa claus in the same room together.....  
george washington vs goku ssjb who winning?
i’ve never finished a pencil
just got booted from a naruto group chat bc i hadn’t finished shippuden. these nerds vicious!
fr wtf is going on! blacksburg’s cancelled
told me to scoot into the picture too. this has to be illegal
damn this dude really blurred my ass out
down to pregame the next java update
big fall mood
i remember my first time being asked how i want my burger made, and i said “i don’t know, well?” as a joke and that was the correct answer
we got a long way to go but this is a wonderful step in the right direction, India! #LoveIsLove
plus ultra babyyy
i’m starting a group chat too called the famous backs of blacksburg and it’s a support group for everyone photographed by geo ding ding min
white people in horror movies love saying “very funny guys! you can come out now!”
i’m in dhaka rn and these kids are basically giving out masterclasses in the streets on safe roads and anti-corruption. Personally directing the traffic; rickshaws and motorcycles to  the side, so that four wheel traffic has space. Simple things the govt doesn’t do  
imagine forgetting the name of the dog you’re dog sitting and just having awkward silences all the time
this guy trump is writing executive orders to basically shit on collective bargaining as a whole, screwing his entire lower middle class, factory worker constituents and for some reason the very rich and the very poor both tend to vote republican. y’all baffle me
Thank you brother!!
OKAY SETTLE THIS TWITTER: IS “PRETTY GOOD” MORE THAN GOOD OR LESS THAN GOOD
*me and a stranger wearing the same costco adidas socks*: omg i swear we didn’t plan this 
people who prefer hard shell tacos are monsters
kim kardashian just prevented nuclear war 
i bet that aliens would think it was kinda gross that we have stubby little fingers and toes at the ends of our limbs
genuinely how difficult is it to understand this??  
i put my empathy communicator at the end of every sentence lol
tinder bots that match probably have long meaningful conversations all the time, and the rest of us will never know about them
getting on a flight and feeling that the emergency lifejackets are a little wet 
don’t. call. me. no. more.
me, with the recessive universal donor blood-type, on any given first date: “soooo.. what’s ur blood type?”
my kid is gonna be the very best kid ever. parents of all other kids can come see me to catch the fade. sadly this includes my own parents
i guarantee no mammal sees the other side of nuclear holocaust
first it was reptiles, then mammals, but i’m telling u if there was a nuclear war, cockroaches would get to be the size of cats and insects would reign supreme
it would be pretty sick if there were an even number of days in the week, for my own organizational purposes
adam sandler movies should skip theatres and go directly to on-flight entertainment
vasectomy
poopity scoop woopity poop
woah!!
i swiped left on her tinder and right on her bumble and she did the opposite to mine. we never met until one random night on coffee meets bagel. happily married for 20 years
i’m such a good listener that i’ll be on a call with my headphones in and people will think i’m just listening to music
i wanna look like i live in a 10 million dollar house made of mud
worried that i might be one of my own thought experiments where i just went too ham
this dark journey through the beautiful mountains got everyone on this bus vibing to daniel caeser and sending risky texts
if they’ll find another way, why do we have any laws at all?
there have been 8 shootings in 2018 that have led to injury or death, while the rest were either after hours or self-inflicted, while still on school grounds. Though not 19, this is to say that change in gun laws is NECESSARY. Any amount more than 0 is too many
somebody please sharp trump to the tragedy of the commons
vox needs to make a video about pangaea
big recent culture of being scared of technological advancements. why?
i love when people telling stories say “turns out”. NOW this shit is getting good
hindi and urdu some wavy ass languages
before going on a date i’ll definitely watch a ted talk or two on love
Andrew Liveris, chairman of dow chemical: you really should turn off the faucet when you’re brushing ur teeth
me: oh i’m really sorry andrew liveris chairman of dow chemicals
Andrew Liveris, chairman of dow chemical: yeah it’s really bad for the environment, so like
little man said “thank you?”
massive oil spill (5000 barrels) in south dakota yesterday, severely impacting the lives of Native people in the region. thanksgiving is a contradiction
I swear i feel like a mughal prince sometimes, or at least a vestige of the fallen empire
"They Look Like People" Dir. Perry Blackshear I fucking highly recommend
added to my goodreads thank u lilly!!
if she follows ur ig she loves ur looks. if she follows ur twitter she loves ur mind but if she follows ur Linkedin she loves ur heart 
back on my "time isn't the standardization that we all think it is" shit
i still got john devlin fever
thank you so much sab!!
thank you em!! see you super soon!
daveys prolly frank
peter or nick are charlie
wyatts dennis
ur mac
I JUST GOT RICK ROLLED!! WHAT YEAR IS THIS??
if you don't care about climate change i absolutely do not care about you
 u disgust me  
hbw superiority
smash dat muhfuck in "connect on linkedin" button  
too hip
there's no sample god like madvillain
looks abandoned to me
watched the whole series!!!
dragon ball z, bill and ted's excellent adventure, and entourage are all cinematic perfection in their own regards
not talking about awards and validation, im talking about buzz & hype
arrival may be one of the most under-appreciated movies of the year
one of these days, i might fuck around too heavy with the nonlinearity of time and forget when i am
block me on all u want, i'll still catch u on that linkedin 
oscars: best picture la la land!
moonlight: 
if ears (sound) had the the ability to perceive depth, other than volume, then EARS WOULD BE BETTER THAN EYES!!!! FACTS!!!!!!!!!
a beautiful girl wearing a long shirt and nothing else. her shirt has unfamiliar letters on it. she casually swings a sword around her body
what am i without music???
this tweet sounds like it was found betwixt the asscrack of an age'd escort in the wild west
 Hahahahahahah i love this!!
terrifying!!!!
 my new tinder has some new features i'll show you two in person
to truly appreciate my twitter presence, please view it in night mode
don't try and throw hands meet me on the words with friends table and see what happens
my family since i've gone to college 
trying to have an existential crisis and still do well in school
happy diwali!!!! prosperity baby!!!
i fear the idea of "the average joe", and personally fear the effect that the average joe will have on my own individuality
i'm gonna miss obama :'(
when did it become acceptable to be uneducated on topics & facts before speaking about them on a national platform?   
at least everyone knows how liberal i am now that i've been screaming into the abyss about the debate for the past hour
i wanna be forever young
huge recent influx of mustachioed men on campus; why?
the guy across from me exclusively listens to ska and Swedish house music, and also owns three trump books
hit me and I'll pay for ur college
I leave for one fucking day....
making friends in the first weeks of college makes u so aggressively aware of every single one of ur own personality traits
highlights 
before I go 
who needs to be busted out of jail?
I will never die because the life expectancy is growing by more than a year every year
if the announcer for rowing calls Britain "GB" one more time, I'm personally going steal the Olympic flame
which Olympian gets PWN'ed next?
michael phelps with ur gills havin ass flounder lookin head ass free willy tryna eat plankton empregnating ur wife underwater head ass #Rio
which of these hateful eight character am I most like?
new beginnings 
just got back home and gotta do some necessary research before I meet any of my friends 
romanticizing being a mole person with zero social media presence, and one day I'll do it too
scenery seen so far 
she liked ur post with her main account and her finsta?? when's the wedding?
I've fallen in love many many times here already
my heart feels warmed
what's a man girl? HA!
sitting at the beach watching the sun set into the mountains after a whole day of doing dives into lake Genèv, listening to beat soups
bye for a lil, america 
I FUCKIN LOVE U HUNTER
why is the word "buy" spelled the way it is??? the pronunciation is so different from the spelling!! what grammar rule allows th
the more I decide to tweet instead of retweet the more my profile drowns in its own toxic waste
it's embarrassing for me that people don't know how much Gilmore Girls I watch
dancing to jazz music in New Orleans is something I'll never forget
might redownload the secrets app just to taste sweet high school drama again
the most genuine thing I have ever late night tweeted would be how much I appreciate everyone at HB for shaping me into who I am now;content
new chapter of everyones life! excited 2 c sum people not only next year but also like awkward run-ins in a few years & compare it to HS/now
always killing the game
I thought it was a picture :((
omw
WEAR ORANGE!! LAST ORANGE FRIDAY THIS ORANGE FRIDAY! FOR JOSH
pre-gaming chance 3 by binge listening to every chance song ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)))))))))))))))))
a frat house composed entirely of people pretending 2b frat bros ironically, all of them thinking that they r the only 1s, quickly escalates
 i remember everything
last night there was a point when ultralight beam came on and I felt truly complete
master of mischief 
always get low when flo rida tells u unless u want to be socially ostracized
a good day  – at Heaven
 not the super heroes Stan lee please don't sue my sorry ass
every song I hear, I think about changing my life
 u seen the new business?   
 I was just looking  that business
yo bro stop following my girl's finsta or else
 u guys look other worldly
the reviews are in   
 its alright we can reschedule
 kids, the plan is having octuplets every year for 50 years
Mash has spoken 
am I slim thick?
wtf is going on right now aps? yall need help shoveling? I'll help
what about the rest of us who like the weekend but not the Weeknd? how do we know which page to like on facebook?
 ARE U SERIOUS?? NOO! #WIZBIZ #WIZARDTILLIDIE
gonna name my kid Beck or Gabriel, or Sofia or May
 this tweet is about 
 marty I love u so much my dude!! thank u for everything :'''')
I want another play because they give me the illusion of a social life
stay humble but have a lot to brag about
snow inspired, original content
  
when'd i become a diehard earl sweatshirt fan??? when I started to fully comprehend sadness
"I stole milk from the government in the name of children" -Psych Teacher Rebecca
"I don't want the sandwich I want the crack" -Psych Teacher Rebecca
I have to sneeze! I'm not dabbing!! stop thinking I'm cool!
"mom where is the brown sugar? and im not talking about sparsh" - my sister (whom I have now successfully conditioned)
sophomores keep me updated when it's Kimbra season
the rhythm and rhyme of the tides of time
Looking for a muse, will worship you, serious offers only
 in credible
 third pic, i wanna be zain so bad
outfits based on where i go 
 peep my insta bio
Didi, u strong as hell 
 "well ur drivin me crazy!"
Duped, demoralized, yet dazzled
 dresses like a liberated man
If you got eyebrows, prepare to raise em
ur grandma ain't my grandma
 hey hello ha ha whats up homie how have you been ha ha ha
Texture 
Why yes, you drive a Toyota please define flex
  help me im dying
Strong jaw city 
let's just call me your bad karma ;)
Struttin' 
Waiting for spirit week to end to whip out some freaky (out)fits so that people don't think I'm misinterpretting Caveman Monday
 wow!!!
High school has been a dream... I could not be more in love with HB Woodlawn
Where'd you get all that attention? I gotta get me some of that
 chance concerts are cursed!
 im claiming this specific tweet to be about me
College admissions office be like left swipe right swipe
everything's about love
 is this  ??
Truth or truth; have you ever been in love?
I'm deranged...i've gone MAD....
I've been to paradise but i've never been to me
 and chill?
KISS COSTUME CHANGE ACTIVATE!
 I see what you mean but technically the entire world never agrees on what day of the week it is
I'm the jackass who hooks his thumbs on his jeans pockets
 you are SOO two thousand and late
My worst nightmare is unintentionally rhyming
At one point you stop learning new words that mean new concepts, you just learn words that mean other words
True tragedy is the fact that time flies when you're having fun
 "I just laid an egg"
 this is surreal :')
Whip O'clock   
I will "^" your comment in exchange for $100 and a Porsche
 this is passive aggressive
Fave for a group rate by Eliza, Erin, and yours truly
Willing to pay for someone to read bridge to terabithia to me while I lie in my bed chewing bubblegum and throwing a baseball at my ceiling
 strong first tweet, time is a heartless bitch
Never have I ever had the meat sweats
 who's manz is this?
 you've spit lots of wisdom tonight
In ninth grade we made a list of all the things we had broken in my house 
 Quebracho?
 I had never seen snow before
 Daniel Bowler is the person who single handedly taught me how to sled when we were little, since I was new in the country
Direct message me for facts about India's excellence
Right swipe me I beg of you please 
If you are looking for your destiny, she'll be standing right next to hardwork
I'm esoteric goddamnit
HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY SHITHEADS
Barwa was extremely beautiful and exciting, meeting and learning from the wonderful, intelligent villagers in the NGO 
Why do you study?
 1. To pass your tests?
 2. To pass time?
 3. To aquire knowledge for your life? 
Dosas, samosas, and mimosas
Brought down from an ego high; a good feeling tho
My opinions and preconceived notions approach each situation with such great ferocity but are shattered with even greater intensity
I'm a starved baby boy who could really go for some kebab!!!!
When Ted bout to go to Nutc and you won't see him until late August :( 
I pray that a cleansing rain will one day come and wash away all minions and minion related accessories
 I've had a personal trainer since I was 6 months old......................................................and NOW dad-bod is IN?
 love love love this! Thank you Eliza!! :*
   "acariciarme," she screams, "acariciarme!"
   my dog screams at me in the voice of an elderly Latino woman
  walks around in Antman pajamas everywhere by his own choice
 looks like the AT&T logo advertisement not appreciated 1/10
   huge resounding agreement from my end
  bennett likes 70year old women
 the perfect girl!!!
  wildcats hahahahahahahahahahaha
 I just recently removed mine
Turns out this adoption isn't so deadly after all :)) #DeadlyAdoption
Sully is gonna be as torn up as that magazine cover when her family falls apart.... #ADeadlyAdoption
 A DEADLY ADOPTION?
Pretty fucked up that we still don't know much about the oceans
 I can't tell you...magician's code
 it's a good cause
  time isn't real
 do this you want this trust me
 so was i
 done and done
 thanks pal! A real friend!
 change ur name to helenamoney1997
 change ur name to aidmoney1997 on instagram
 change ur name to santimoney1997 on instagram
 change ur name to megmoney1997 on instagram
 change ur name to bradmoney1997 on instagram
  YIKES
WE run the school NOW!
  me next time
Four. Four times 
I wear shorts in the cold because im in denial
  give me a shoutout?
All this rain representin my tears, thanks annotated bibliography
I'm a smelly butt
"Stop following us Jeremy, you're not part of our squad". -The squad of sixth graders
*gets sports on TriviaCrack* 
What did I do, god?
Facebook is just an elongated cringe right now. It's safer here. On the tweeter.
When the economy doin bad 
"Nice to meet you, Mr. President. And also, what's your yo??"
*Violently yo's*
Infants are little drunkards. One just spent fifteen minutes slowly falling off a chair. #childhoodisbeautiful
I am sitting between three children at the dmv #whataretheydoinghere #whotaughtthemhowtodrive?
India the first country to recognize transgender as the third gender. You go India #proud
Obligitory angry tweet about #HIMYMFinale
Giving up memes for lent.
 that's not all. 
Puberty was hard. 
no 
can we aim our anger towards the common enemy of maukthika liking pulp
the whole gc prefers crunchy peanut butter someone get me out of here
kinda disrespectful for life at school to just... continue after I graduated
omg thank you :’) so sweet
first day of work today let the imposter syndrome set in 
I read this as “had to finally give up on apple music” and got really happy for a sec
am I funny or does shivani just laugh at everything I say because she’s my best friend
can everyone who facetunes their pictures please have a designated friend that tells you if it’s bad because some of y’all are doing too much
working at aeropostale ruined every pop song from the years of 2014-2017 for me  
the way I assembled one (1) piece of furniture and immediately felt like bob the builder
the way people still drink cow titty milk when oat milk exists 
like what are you patriotic about rn this place sucks
american flag apparel triggers my fight or flight
why can’t all breakfast places have turkey bacon as an option
why did I think they were twins my whole life  
dreading seeing my spotify rewind this year because it’s just gonna be all the sad music I keep listening to
everytime i’ve tasted black coffee i’ve immediately wanted to throw up how do some of you enjoy this
skirts for days
men who snore?? how are you gonna be a nuisance when you’re awake AND asleep
so r u geo min
LMAOO
bro just say you’re racist and go 
those basic freshman engineering girls’ instagram captions better change from “famiLEE” to “hoge homies”
LOL you’re fine i’m so used to it at this point
“there are brown people in west virginia?”
telling people that i’m from west virginia and watching the shock on their face >>
THE WAY YOU COVERED UP YOUR CAVALIER SHIRT HAHAHA
this is awkward... 
society if freshman girls didn’t fall for that junior boy going after them 
my mom even says our dog’s name before mine sometimes  
pain  
be be be my BFF cause IDK what’s comin next
i’m telling jupiter
my brother just said “I would do anything to have a brother” and we’re all like awww and then he goes “even sacrifice one of my sisters” HUH
I kinda miss using school supplies why’d I pick such a beep boop major
and i’ve never done it to soil 
is this the white person version of slapping a bag of rice at an ethnic store  
just now it was walking down the stairs :)
I keep almost fainting I should probably do something about that
switching from a side part to a middle part was one of my better life decisions
the burst of seratonin I get from watching Sound of Music
mental breakdown checkkk 
vanilla oat milk 
is it socially acceptable to call idiots in public out for not covering their nose with their masks
I get way too gassed when I get a lot of likes on a retweet
this hit a little too close to home
did bridget mendler really think she was onto something when she said “I like your face do you like my song”
happy august everyone  
oh hey I got a shoutout 
how do I get my name on the hurricane name list
eid mubarak to brother zuko 
why are my feet always so COLD
ok yeah blame the camera
oof just run do their PR for them at this point
they called their fans “krakheads” on instagram the other day so I think they can only handle one bad pun at a time
thinking i’m onto something by putting my phone on do not disturb and coming back to it with no notifications... yikes
do you stare at yourself sometimes or are you not a Leo
mashallah
if you see me listening to exile for the 15th time today mind your business
second day hair 
aparna being a close second
it’s me, I would say
super low retention rate
thanks for liking this  it was about you 
a groupchat for the girls whose boyfriends and brothers spend all day playing video games where we discuss how obnoxious they are
I can’t believe people posted a black square on instagram and thought that was enough activism for the year
dr. t’s undies
nailed it
do guy friends serve any purpose other than bullying you
the cellar!! and ask for ranch
if you ever feel bad about yourself just know that I owned a shirt in middle school that said “keep it short and sweet, just like me”
I remember on eid al fitr I saw that eid al adha was gonna be in late july and I was like oh by then things should be more normal and maybe we can actually do something and now it’s a week away and things are so much worse
the way fair-skinned desi people are so idolized 
why do you hate yourself
“Washington Football Team” is the New Classroom Building of the NFL
I treated that shit like a part-time job
thinking about the 1D facebook page I made in middle school called “Louis Deserves to Sing” that had over 3000 likes
I told my brother I wanted a stuffed animal appa and he goes “life-sized?”
leo season!!! 
yo if I could actually sing and I put on performances like the ones I do alone in the car i’d be unstoppable
   theres a website for this if you want to see for yourself how little of a dent doing shit like ending homelessness would make on his net worth  
i’m not ready for how much more cocky the hamzas and yousefs are gonna get
sometimes I worry about kids on tiktok getting exposed to all these inappropriate songs but then I remember we were 11 singing “let’s have some fun, this beat is sick I wanna take a ride on your disco stick”
trucks LOVE passing trucks that are going only 1 mph slower than them
5.5” inseams 
why did anyone think they’d find a man in college they’re still years away from their frontal lobes being fully developed
you’re adorable
graduated college... still look like a high school freshman  
this physically pained me to read
the validity of anything successful I do in life is based strictly on how many WhatsApp groups my dad tells about it
vicariously living through myself from 1 and 2 years ago
we’d be too powerful
sometimes I change the way I walk down the stairs so my family can’t predict who’s coming down
LOL I LOVE YOU
cece and schmidt ofc a classic but nick miller got with freaking megan fox
the main recurring theme of New Girl is just the guys in the show landing girls extremely out of their league
I think we can all agree that yellow on brown girls
my birthday being during international clown week explains so much about my behavior  
 can you go kill it for him
my tl came for me today and I do not appreciate it 
i’m disgusted
please buy a face wash
NO
rehan noooo
idk what man needs to hear this but stop washing your face with bar soap
I really took my high school metabolism for granted
the fruit drawing instagram story part of quarantine feels like a fever dream
don’t be shy uncover the names 
every time someone has shown me a picture of someone they think I look like i’ve completely forgetten what I look like
forget zodiac signs what’s your villain origin story
“she’s been giving this freshman love since last june”
me: I love Quinn there’s so much meaning to his songs

Quinn:  
get a room
idk how I haven’t seen anyone talk about this yet but this is huge i’ve been waiting for this feature for years  
me before every talking stage  
the amount of post-cry selfies i’ve taken because i’m suddenly feeling myself
we have da same car color and everything
omg I thought you were making an acute angle joke bc protractor LMAO
today my brother called himself a protractor instead of a contractor after helping around the house
it’s you, you’re boys. you took me to one loudoun.
might’ve been my peak
hehe meeting dave franco and kristen bell on the same day     
my worst influence 
5’7”
if you look like the 3rd... dms are open  
there is not a single bad song on Pure Heroine
I graduated college over a month ago and just realized what I should’ve been using as my fun fact for the past 4 years ghdjalalqkdjf
oh my god I think I had repressed this memory until now
no 
why are we friends w her
i’m embarrassed to know you  
good decision blocking out the gc name 
cs majors be like “I know a spot” then take you to the basement of Mcbryde
fill void, create new one, repeat 
thinking about elementary school when I had to pretend santa was real even though my muslim ass knew he wasn’t so I wouldn’t spoil it for the white kids
my favorite pastime is hurting my own feelings
yo where are you guys getting these bob the builder dads all mine does is sit on the couch  
he always knows the wrong thing to say 
every couple weeks a tweet like this resurfaces on my tl and like... for what  
for that emoji and that emoji only, yes
don’t do this to me
excuse me i have auto-capitalization off u know this !!
i cannot imagine using up- uppe- i can’t even say it... uppercase letters 
yeah sorry I don’t think this is gonna work out a 13 year old on tiktok said our initial aren’t compatible
it’s one thing for the people in a store to not be wearing a mask but another for them to look at me weird FOR wearing a mask like homie i’m not the crazy one rn
BABY GEO 
do you feel like you’re gonna pass out everytime you stand up or are you normal
lmao yo my family had that same chair thing 
hating men     
they’re getting bold with it 
hope he sees this girl  
this gives you a list of all your facebook friends that like his page so u can unfriend them    :)
why do conservative white people wanna be oppressed so bad i’ll never understand 
literally takes less than a minute!!
please get this man out of office  
very excited to be moving from west virginia to west north west west west west west west west north virginia   
hi just posting eid selfies a day late 
he’s literally a computer
god really do be choosing favorites  not you tho! 
lemme go unfollow rq
please check your email
petition for old people to have to retake their drivers test
calories don’t count on eid
king   
my dad keeps trying to set me up with his college friends’ sons someone call the police
if i’m not a college student anymore but I haven’t started my job yet then what AM I
girls instagram stories for their friends birthdays are starting to look like powerpoint presentations with all the transitions and multiple slides i’m overwhelmed !
so they finally decide to update hokiespa AFTER I graduate
no.
what
how am I supposed to eat healthy when my mom keeps making pakoras
i’m really my own worst enemy and biggest fan
you’re telling me you can walk past a mirror ~without~ checking for abs
thank you so much 
idk who I am anymore if my identity isn’t “senior in college who got their year ruined by coronavirus”
graduated during a pandemic 
LOL gotchu
I miss jinya ramen
how am I WORSE at replying to people now that I have nothing going on
HIP 
so... us
good night
it’s finals week Arif!!
good morning I almost just took a melatonin instead of my vitamin d
you’re so cute 
just finished my last class of undergrad and it was one of the most anticlimactic things i’ve experienced
been there
should I get the snapchat purple butterflies tattooed on my face yes or no
those 10 minutes of the day that i’m not on my phone bc i’m in the shower really are eye opening
all I do in zoom calls is stare at myself
waist is snatched
how do you get past the step where you put your workout clothes on to the part where you actually workout
queen 
I graduate college THIS month
I wanna know what the birds chirping outside my window are talking about
how do girls pull off a middle part without looking like wednesday addams asking for me
I GOTCHU 
have I seen that video of timothee chalamet bumping to lil uzi a hundred times? yes. will I still watch it all the way through everytime it’s on the tl? absolutely.
I GOT SO SAD FOR A SECOND
standards these days are getting out of hand 
ok fine! i’ll listen to lorde’s entire discography for the 4th time this week!
THATS WHAT IM SAYING
they need to uncover the capitol building asap
omg a day apart :’)
dancing with girls ft. beyoncé kindaaa sounds like a banger  
how is college almost over!!!!  
my hair finally got past the awkward middle length phase and no one is even seeing it to appreciate 
between shampooing, shaving, and guys asking “without me?” what’s your least favorite part of taking a shower
I really just took a study break after only checking my email
about to take a nap I don’t deserve
which made up scenario am I gonna play in my head tonight to help me fall asleep
my toxic trait is that I think i’m way funnier than I actually am
every brown girl has been called mia khalifa at one point in their lives  
do you ever try to take a selfie and your nose is just like in the way
was really hoping this was an Onion article when I read the title  
it’ll be more than a few years don’t get too excited but yes I know I know
new moms make milestones out of everything they’ll be like “baby’s first quarantine!!” ma’am it’s everyone’s first quarantine
we have the same car !!
your bio doesn’t lie
I can’t believe there are real humans out there that turn caps lock on, type a letter, and then turn it off instead of just using the shift key
tabs or bust
you’re gonna have to factor our tiktoks into this we’re also popping off there
finally getting the recognition we deserve
so I guess if coronavirus doesn’t get me this storm will
and the people are wrong  
oof what I would do to be able to watch the good place for the first time again
tweet inspo: 
I would love to do this with them
who’s trynna recreate the backyard beach from phineas and ferb with me
all I do now is cry and nap is this how babies feel
who let me decide to move across the country after grad I just wanna talk
are all of ‘today’s top hits’ tiktok songs because of tiktok or are they tiktok songs because they’re today’s top hits 
why do you sleep with your hydroflask
stop playing animal crossing and pay attention to me!!
I miss hating you for it
o wow didn’t know there was a term for this
why does it take me an entire day to finish one (1) assignment now
making a playlist for someone is a love language
finally you get it
you’re so cute
fork
woke up 5 minutes before my lecture started, rolled over in bed to my laptop, joined the class. this zoom thing is ez
honey nut feelios
why is two spelled like that
the word is blow and she goes “not a hand job but a-“ my parents are about to disown us
my sister goes “this is an alcohol thing, sidewalk-“ and I go SLAMMER and my parents are just like ....
we’re playing taboo and the word is girl scout and I say “I was this until 5th grade” and my sister goes “emo, shy” and my dad goes “oh I was gonna say nerd” why am I getting so much slander
better believe i’m still getting fire grad pics
not like thissss
forget reply chugs, send me a picture of you crying about grad
no one talk to me  
if I see one more fruit drawing on someone’s instagram story I stg
unappreciative.
my sister and dad were fake fighting and she ends it with “well who’s more likely to get coronavirus HUH” yo iman chill out
“man it would really suck if you not only missed out on your last semester of college because of coronavirus but also your last free summer before you work for the rest of your life” DIDN’T HAVE TO RUB IT IN DAD
lmao coronavirus really has the freshmen posting senti end of the year instagram posts in march
    ty
he just called himself a rebel
“my office told us to take our laptops home and try to set up working remotely but i’m not doing that. what’re they gonna do? fire me for coming into work??” -my dad
might fuck around and pick up a bunch of hobbies i’ve always wanted to do with all this FREE TIME I suddenly have
the only good thing about this extended break is that shivani suddenly has more twitter content by quoting her mom
you ever feel like your tik toks don’t get the love they deserve
quarantine and chill
west virginia straight VIBING through coronavirus 
you should’ve seen this coming the day you started this countdown
i’ve been waiting for this day
just saw a commercial for a Shark Tank “greatest of all time” episode... they missed a perfectly good opportunity to call it GOAT Tank
patrick henry needs to step it up i’ve never experienced this
“my immune system is just like SO strong”
a ha ha
meals are just big snacks
danya = santa   
local guide level 6 
honey nut feelios
tuesday
okay we get it you went to canada
oof    
this is literally in front of the exit for my house wtf is west virginia  
so proud! congrats!
are you... studying abroad or something???
MINH IM CRYING HAHAHA
white girls when they wear a shirt that says “namastay in bed” 
wow they must be a HEADASS
Us af
that’s my little 
sooo me calling you?
I wish you could Ctrl-F in real life
I vote McBryde 100  
We miss you more
I don’t even know him but I miss him too
Why did I just have a dream about being late to my physics final the semESTER IS OVER
ooh wonder who this was!!
you’re welcome
Okay but this is so cool technology is amazing  
What did I just read  
business probably
How tf do you dress when it’s 37° when you leave your apartment and 71° when you come back
I will never understand why those Tiny Kitchen videos have the link to the recipe with it like who tf is actually gonna make that at home
Music peaked in 2006/2007 honestly, all bangers
When your prof starts the class with "this isn't like other CS classes, this one is actually hard" but you thought the rest were hard too 
I have to pack for college but I never really unpacked from college 
thank you Allyson!!
Aw thank you Anusha 
Thanks Z 
Thank you Mariam ily!!!! 
thanks Jeevan!!
Omg love you Sarah thank you 
Thank you Grace 
And our birthday month 
been a year since I met my husband Dave Franco!!!!  
Omg a year ago today I was at freshman orientation :') so senti
 :)
*furiously skips through everyone's firework Snapchat stories*
respect
This is the worst while loop I've ever seen
Henrietta noo 
Who's the better JB
THIS IS SO ACCURATE HAHA
that's basically what you looked like
you are though
Crying in the library rn but it's fine  
omg this is my favorite ride 
Today the wind literally pushed me over how's your day going
I hate engineers 
I need there to be a search bar on the people who view your Snapchat stories
Worst notification I've ever gotten 
omg thanks girlie you too
me
just for you Eileen 
A black cat just ran in front of my car and it's Friday the 13th I'm SHOOK
When Matt from  went to ur high school and  goes to ur college and they interact and just wow 
Abdul has a Snapchat????
wow surah that's a lot of love
happy happy birthday to my fav  here's to many more concerts and shopping trips and fun, much love  
you sound like my dad
frick 
Ready for another great year leggo
don't dislocate your shoulder again
bc you met me ik
Ping is me
Guy in movie: "I was small and emotionally unbalanced once too"
Iman: "Just like you Danya"
Happy birthday Guptas   
My phone wants me back at VT too 
Iman: I can get a 17% on my comp sci final and keep my A
Me: nice I need a 140% on mine
 happy happy birthday 
 happy birthday!! 
There's really nothing like walking to your 8 am chem final in 20 degree weather to make you hate your life
idk tbh
and yet u won't come study w me in the library
 happy birthday Jay!! can't wait to see u 
I literally lost all my motivation to do work right when I need it the most
 happy birthday cutie  
 u know it
Taking a break from studying for engineering by studying for chem, I love finals
we need to be his mom Henrietta
 hbd Carson!! Hope senior year is treating u well  
 happy birthday!!!! Enjoy these nice throwbacks bc we have no current pics apparently. Love u so much  
Prayers for Ohio State
I just tried to use my hokie p to get into my hotel room wtf
I hate u
 Jacob next time
 happy birthday 
excuse u
You mean until he started publicly saying racist shit.. showing pictures of him with poc doesn't prove anything    
 happy birthdayyyy 
relatable
I would not have doubted you at all if you said that was you wtf is this sorcery
If only I had this issue  
I just overheard a girl talking about the 12 hours of sleep she got last night and I almost cried out of jealousy
"Okay so LGBTQ stands for 'Lesbian, Gay, Bi, Trans, and .... Quail?"
Wtf no that's a bird
Concert on Tuesday night and football game Thursday night like VT really doesn't want me to do work this week do they
 happy birthday!!! 
 hbd pretty!! miss you 
always gotchu Elliot
Why is it that VT has some of the best college campus food in the nation but I still just ate chick fil a for the third time this week
VT Engineering at its finest 
he did it 
hbd  !!!  
The clowns have made their way to Virginia Tech sos
Long distance is hard but the FaceTime calls make it bearable  
sleep-deprived & stressed
do your homework
 happy birthday pretty!! 
 happy birthday jordannnn I hope you have the best day ever ily  
*class explaining Harambe to our English prof*
"He's that gorilla that was shot"
"No he wasn't just a gorilla he was a civil rights leader"
 happy birthday Kay!! hope you have a great day 
 happy birthday Z ilysm cutie  
Oh VT 
"Why do all you brown people go into comp sci"
"Idk man I touched a computer once and felt it in my genes"
TGIF
this is great
Hardest goodbye  
Someone's getting a little too into the Olympics 
Goodbyes are not fun 0/10 would recommend
thanks Immi 
I was ready for college all summer but now that it's a week away I'm like nope I can't do it
We're playing Taboo & Iman gets the word 'fraternity' & describes it as "something that's in college, they call them like Fry Kapa Wacka"
YES     
My siblings are mapping out walking from one floor to another for class and I'm over here figuring out how to walk across campus in 10 min
aka last month
Basically what everyone in Virginia thinks of us :) 
My dad: "so kids, what's the most beautiful thing we've seen on this trip? And please don't say Dave Franco"
no you can't get a tour unless you know someone  but I just bought a shirt and I'm never taking it off
I'm freaking out
I think my favorite thing about California is the fact that I haven't seen a single Trump bumper sticker
hilarious
IM STILL SHAKING
AH OMFG 
am I a cool person
subtweet me one more time I dare u
how could I not be!!
I don't even want to know what you're talking about
I'm gonna revolt
TRUE 
don't make fun of me
yeah s/o to the Calc bc test
I have multi-variable calculus at 8 am every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday next semester 
She's so proud of herself for knowing what Pokemon Go is lmao  
I'm gonna be a college freshman in a month and I still look like a high school freshman ://
I've seen way too many boys walking around the mall today trying to catch Pokemon
 happy birthday!! 
Once again disappointed by my AP scores
"I used to think 'fetish' meant you hated something so when I was younger I would tell people I had a foot fetish" -
If I see one more snapchat story of fireworks I stg
Happy birthday   
My dad: *lets out an exasperated sigh* "I just typed in 'Clendenin' and it autocorrected to 'corn dog'"
So much love for       
My little brother is mad at me for seeing Finding Dory without him which would be adorable but he's 15
 happy birthday Chase!! 
Did anyone else not realize how big traffic lights actually are or is it just me 
Iman: *pours eggs in* "now no one can eat it until it's cooked, except for me because I don't care about salmonella"
Iman: *pours a cup of sugar into the bread pudding she's making* "Well we're all gettin diabetes tonight"
 happy birthday!!  
Dorm shopping is so fun
 happy birthday Nicholas!! Miss you 
I hate everything about the  account
YES
I'm in
this is true
"minor indiscretion" "fair sentence" "the real injustice is that he will never be able to swim again" lmao ok 
I'm so embarrassing
I wish my eyelashes did the mascara thing without mascara
Take it back   
Why can't I be Lily Collins
Happy birthday !!!
:////
ditto
I find it funny that I screenshot squat & crunch challenges and expect myself to actually do them
cleaning my room 
Why do I only ever get the urge to be productive at midnight
Why am I still getting emails about engrade messages from Tiffany Anderson
Niceee 
This is probably one of the nerdiest things I'll ever say but the National Spelling Bee is one of the most fascinating things to watch
One Dance is such a jam
Almost sprayed febreze in my hair instead of dry shampoo just now so that's cool
 !!!!  
the day of graduation at 11:30!
Disgust
Jay for student body prez!!  #Sheth2016 
 happy birthday!!
Seniors don't forget baccalaureate is tomorrow at 5 at Christ United Methodist Church!!
Lol hbd  #FeelTheBern 
me when white ppl see me and attempt to be culturally aware  
So excited to meet new people next year
hbd  
My handwriting on AP essays always starts as a legible print and ends in some sort of cursive scribble
me: "it's only $5, I'll buy it"
also me: *uses this as justification to buy 482953 things and ends up spending tons of money anyways*
 oh my god this app used to be my life
It's me     
Sis made it big  
My greatest talent is getting to places way too early and sitting in my car until I can go inside
Happy birthday   we've changed a lil bit haha 
 it's hilarious
ughHhhHhhHHHHhh
My clothes/shopping addiction is so tragic
People are so freaking annoying
Happy birthday !!!!! 
So these ppl who think Trump really cares about WV or coal know what he said about it in an interview 25 years ago 
Not looking forward to all the Trump supporters walking through the mall while I work tonight
 and I have to work 4-10 :((
AP Calc test today  
I could be studying for AP tests but Facebook cooking videos are just way more interesting
Happy birthday !!  
Nothing is more of a self-esteem booster than the comments on a picture your mom posts of you on Facebook
I know people going to Harvard, Stanford, Yale, Davidson, USC, Northwestern.. Wow I'm so proud :')
My biggest regret in life is probably the shirt I had in middle school that said "keep it short and sweet just like me"
If you take an armful of clothes into the dressing room, buy none of it, and leave it all in there you're the worst kind of person
 new tattoo idea?  
Me: I'm not going to school tomorrow btw
My mom: oh right it's a Friday, I knew that
 us  
How is high school almost over!!!!
Why do I eat so much
Nothing irritates me more than when the stoplight turns green and the person in front of me just SITS THERE
Happy birthday !!
 happy birthday  pretty 
That extremely stressful moment when only one of multiple texts has delivered and the person starts typing
 oh and that we're full of demons, Allah isn't a real God, and that Muhammad was a pedophile!
Protesters: "You Muslims are going to hell"
: "Okay see ya there"
I'd much rather spend money on experiences than material things
Why can't people just be supportive of one another instead of bringing them down??
Ready for a fresh start
Anxiously awaiting the explosion of prom pics on Instagram
I'm actually really impressed with my last year self for taking the ACT the day of prom
Prom snuck up real quick this year
 thanks to 
 84 in a 40
My mom really just looked at my dog and I sitting together and said "aw both my bitches"
#NationalPetDay  
 you should probably stop eating around this book Nick
 such a good deal 
Help
My will to get out of bed in the morning is deteriorating at an alarming rate
I wonder if college admission offices know how much they ruin students lives with every rejection letter
Always wanting what we can't have
The Fuji Apple chicken salad from Panera is the best thing that has ever happened to me
it may get worse before it gets better, but it will get better
Throwing up on the plane home bc the turbulence was so bad and then having to land in Huntington was a fantastic way to end spring break
I'm at my happiest when I'm petting a dog
The admits to the Cornell class of 2020 includes a 12-year-old with a 35 on his ACT... Why did I even try
It's Ivy League decision day :)(:
Did she really just.. 
 miss you more 
Happy birthday to the sweetest person I know  ilysm  
accept what is, let go of what was
College is terrifying
You'll get what's coming for ya
Happy birthday !! Miss you 
It'll all be okay
I hope to one day find someone who loves me as much as chris.sanders17 loves tyleecheergirl :') 
College admissions are so screwed up
 you know it
 lol I really don't know but there are more 
My brother really just used the snapchat dog filter on my dog 
"Can this night possibly get any worse" I ask myself as it inevitably gets 10x worse
Getting rejected from schools left and right lmao
Here's this tragic pic for your birthday  hbd  
"defianetly" no 
"wow cold turkey is the best way to quit smoking"
"yeah like stopping altogether"
"ohhh I thought it meant eating cold turkey" Nour pls
 trust me I know
It's still light outside and I'm already ready for bed what is wrong with me
 happy birthday!!
 I'm so good at explaining things
"Guess the best way to get over someone is to get under someone" -
 happy birthday!! 
much sad
Oh dear god  
Would really appreciate it if couples didn't make out at the register while I'm ringing them up
She gets me 
Beyond thankful for my sister
Dreams are so freaking weird
Leave me alone I'm done taking your test 
suga how ya get so fly
 :///
 happy birthday!!  
Boys are mean
I just really want all my college decisions like right now
this is amazing   
probably should've done calculus homework tonight but instead I binge watched 90's chick flicks and I don't regret it in the slightest
Wow thank u  
 still true
 wow I'm honored
 happy birthday!! 
"He took one more class" 
I don't know how much longer I can stand being stuck at my house
 happy birthday!! 
 take mine
Why use makeup wipes when you can just cry your makeup off ammirite
 aw 
Crossing things off a to-do list is honestly one of the most satisfying feelings
So thankful to have  
Lmao what did I ever do to you
 hahaha you're lucky I only chose that one
Happy birthday to ma girl   love you lots 
 yeah we get to see her every day we go to work!! :))
Everything's just going so perfectly wrong
My brother is in the kitchen narrating himself unloading the dishwasher like a sports commentator and I'm so concerned
Happy birthday to my favorite twins    
 awwww 
 omg ilysm
S/O TO MY BEST FRIEND   FOR GETTING INTO HARVARD
Happy birthday !!!! :)) 
 happy birthday Jay  
I should be working on college apps but instead I'm online shopping 
 happy birthday Carson!!
The things I see at my grandparents house 
Why do I go to school with people like this 
  OH MY GOD 
Need to get out of here
Are people becoming more annoying or am I just becoming less tolerant
 happy birthday!! 
Happy birthday  
 happy birthday  I miss you so so much 
Regret
 happy birthday!!
Jeevan happy birthday  
We'll be looking for sunlight
Or the headlights
Till our wide eyes burn blind
 um no you don't even come to Recycling Club
 lmao   
 ever since u became friends with my sister i was like 
nah rachel is real she came to my film festival
it's not like u did any homework in that class anyways smh
layla is fake she never said hi to me in the hallways
tell him i'm disappointed
LMAO
 if i say goals to another couple i'm lying only u guys are goals
 my mom  
if i ever ask you for an address and u give me a screenshot of google maps or something i'm throwing hands
that's a FAT bet
i have good friends 
stranger things is both cliche and original at the same time i love it
government conspiracy plot lines >>>>>>>>
short
desiigner made a mistake by making this a shirt song, could've easily been best on the album 
still waiting for that new SZA
people don't sell dogs over twitter
 still better than flash S2 finale
he started Parker Industries and now he doesn't have to dumpster dive for tech  
since when does PETA give out awards for TV shows  
i think The Accountant is gunna be a must watch
kareem abdul jabbar was at the DNC lol tru
i'll stop
yeah i know but my fam over there is crazy so it sort of ruins cali for me
trump has actually brought out the worst in people and it's sad to see all this bigotry and racism so obviously apparent now
technically virginia is the south but i don't have an accent also saying hella is a west coast thing i was born in cali
idk tbh u win i just like living here tbh we got hella 7/11s and some fun stuff here n there
LOL
SORRY OUR CRIME RATE ISNT AS HIGH AS NY
CHILL i love living here it's the best, weather is trash tho
next time we'll both go
who said they couldn't do tuesday tho???
i'm leaving don't u want some coworkers lol
i'm deadass  
we have beef now
your movie got a 5% on rotten tomatoes and was trashed by several film critics  
How I Learned to Stop Being Cynical and March for Black Life    via 
they're still hiring a lot just apply
dude we're so understaffed i'm scared to quit
if anyone wants a job the panera on edsall is desperate rn
kodak got his smile from me   
calls Obama racist at a Trump rally? lol tru  
now u know how i feel  
if u haven't heard this yet you're missing out 
prelude to the meek beef   
wait did the schedules come out lmfao
smh
wtf lmao  
that's dick    
i did smh
chill nasri had the bleached hair first
HES SO HAPPY
squad shit omg 
rashford gets sucked sooooo hard  
u just hate us cuz u anus  
some ppl just want attention
they're not even funny tbh lmao they're just an attempt at racism
i love this guy   
- be some sort of motivator? these aren't real muslims that are attacking innocents.
ISIS is NOT ISLAMIC TERRORISM. stop associating ISIS with islam. why would a religion in which killing is CONDEMNED-  
fucking disgusting  
this didn't need to be a gif  
hillary advancing the twitter trolling campaign  
HOLY FUCK YEAH  
who's he pointing at lmao  
s/o to  for catching a Raticate that was on my plate 
LMAO u gotta go one night
why the sink lmfao  
this one was even sadder 
s/o to the hokie bird for letting me cool it at his place for a couple days  Virginia Tech   
i don't see it yet but i'll find it eventually
imma find out tomorrow i'll let u know
oh fuck shadows i completely overlooked that
toss up b/w Unnecessary, Les and Telegraph Ave
the last time people were actually stealthy in SnD
1 month until i move in woo
wtf lmao  
yeezys on my hands and my feet
my wardrobe will be only yeezys
like a third of the price lmao
imma buy like 3 pairs
i want that too fym    
lol it's fake  
this was at the annandale nova campus lol  
swae lee wyd  
it's over for you gucci clones  
there's a reason i got the biggest meal plan
i'm so excited just for orientation it's crazy to think we'll be moving in
i think i'll be good with pritchard hopefully but who knows
i'm the type of guy with the luck to get the smallest room tbh
no matter what our rooms are small af tbh lmao
the loft beds aren't that bad tbh because you still get space under the bed for a desk and stuff
i'm down to hang out, never heard of Vawter tho.
erin or celina could like be medusa and u could be one of her victims
imma need some silver surfer or grey hulk cosplay asap
you're so late wtf i'm moving in 17th tho imma be in the innovate LLC, first floor of pritchard
i'm 19/20
it comes back to you really fast trust me
yes
let me come over
who r u again
u blow my life omg always ahead of me
i'll think about it...
give me a jolteon
how am i gunna find a starmie but not a staryu
thanks for telling me now imma get one
how have u not gotten a vaporeon smh
grimy as fuck
ATCQ - buggin out
drink a lot of soda so they call me dr pepper
someone beat my snorlax nvm
i feel so cool
FUCK HAHAHAHAH 
found it near wakefield
goodbye dap...
fuckin dragonite escaped
bro i'm offended
yo fuck a Zubat they're so evasive
bro she's cuffed...
on grandmovas 
i'll get it next time
what's good at kung fu tea
introvert af
  bobbys tweet was funnier
gtf and join mystic
BUM
mystic with me u bun
s/o to my sister for spilling red soda on my carpet 
this is amazing wtf
holy shit that's scary  
too long ago to remember, might've been reddit
ends up being better than the original
with my life not with the status of prejudice in this country
i'm happy
aight u crossed the line Zo
i caught a Pinsir omg
who dat
ignoring the fact that this is an incorrect statement, church and state are separate so why should this matter  
it's always Celina tbh
only Pokemon around my house are freaking pidgeys fml
some people are just unnecessarily rude and ignorant
what makes people think that this is ok   
the difference between the two sisters   
A1 Day 1   
I hate u
which Manchester
I'm supporting #FRA in the #Euro2016 #FINAL & just unlocked my custom  shirt from ! Who are you supporting?   
how  
wow   
this is the type of generalization to stay away from   
the common misconception amongst white racists is that this is "their" country... yet they displaced an entire race while colonizing here
not defending the cops that shot Anton Sterling or Philando Castile, but saying that judging a group based off of a minority is wrong
be careful when addressing "all" cops, not all cops are terrible and most are against brutality. generalization is never a good thing
spent more time on Instagram than on the pitch
ITS OUTTTT
my little cousin showed me a fake spider and said she wants to learn more about those "cuties" like wtf
getting ready to flex at VT #HokieNation  DAR Constitution Hall   
no
 cedrick66, james, gtfo,  (Vine by )   
thanks
is honey mustard just honey and mustard combined
chill his album has some nice songs, honestly the beat was just bad
funniest shit ever omg  
LMAO HE GEEKS   
STOP LOL
 where's that Eid snap filter and love story tho
haven't gotten more than $20 in like 5 years smh
  that's so crusty I wouldn't buy any shirts
great move by both parties  
it's an endless cycle of pain
I remember this
bc goals
and that dumb dog 
ya
I did like them tho I saved them
I read "u might really like these pictures"
this pic is French Roast certified   
I think he's at ur house rn
well now u just put it on blast ffs Celina
hope that MH doesn't see this
thx dad 
YOOOO I REMEMBER THAT  
the bond is now unbreakable
lmao so fake   
curse is lifted 
LOL  
ah 
finally
come back boo
I've been overusing acronyms recently I feel like I'm cheating in life
  “Could Harambe the gorilla be Australia's next Prime Minister?”

  
this is old tho  
in four hours Pep Guardiola will be announced 
LOL that's goals tbh RIP harambe
got it thanks
when bae is overseas  
how do I tweet a fake laugh
wtf I'll never be able to dance like this    
u should've just gone to that store in Springfield
go get a controller
he geeks
 (Vine by cedrick66)   
Lol (Vine by cedrick66)   
the stadium is playing daft punk omg
GOALLLLLLLL
RIP Elie Wiesel
why
let them sleep on it
#ParliamentSoWhite  
when your hand spasms are gang spasms   
ultimate edition's editing was much better tho
I wanna go to NY and see how many timbs I can actually find
gentry is like the worst dad ever, listen to ur BFF and aunt
jk BFF don't hate me it's a joke
bae probably look dusty
u gtg  
you're the only aunt smh
aren't u her aunt or something
is this bae
  come back soon
who's the bigger logic fan 
I feel bad for Tony Kebbel I feel like his reputation was lowered bc of F4 but he did a great job in it
where's the music    
u ain't even cute
nah u look dusty
...
what a mess
 run Neej run
don't watch it with your daughter
one thing that BvS got right was the composition by Hans Zimmer and Junkie XL
easy
breezy
beautiful

covergirl   
she looks dusty
too much
why
I did it
me
I'm so I C Y
can nothing quench your thirst
I'm having a blast
This looks refreshing! (Vine by )   
NICE
BRING ON IMMOBILE
bring on Immobile pls
fight fight fight
GOAL HAAHAHAHAHAHAH
Jordi Alba is a little runt
learning so much today
the delivery by De Sciglio is just beautiful
that's 3 fouls for Morata now
I disagree that Spain has more game changers on the bench
gracias
is there a limit to how many times they can use it because that's sort of overpowered
I haven't watched the voice lol
how does the gold X work on America's got talent
rip messi
 YO THIS WAS THAT LIT ASS SONG FROM HERITAGE NIGHT RIGHT A
 Omar text him goodnight wtf
Fitz Simmons omg
what does that even MEAN
that video annoys me
worst Doctor ever wtf
shambles
I hear fireworks
I hate Netflix smh
I do all of the work 
a thousand miles
TOO good
maybe even
good
interesting how he liked Holy Grail more than TB3   
u gtg Chris
YOU LOOK DUSTY
I don't mess with SOVA kids
yo wtf u dance
Create your own custom skull with the SUICIDE SQUAD icon generator.    
this own goal doesn't satisfy me
like bye bye Uzi 
Joe Allen sorta looks like Jamie Bell
gg Poland
Xhaka wyd
the atmosphere is crazy omg so many Swiss fans
yesterday 
Shaqiri wtf
omg the crossbar
lucky wtf
 even lil yachty liked it
so clean 
wtf great idea thanks
Timmy Timmy Timmy Turner 
honestly it's a little soothing
me rn 
EXTREMELY fast speeds
it's the same picture twice    
u got it
nah ur not one of those people
I think it's either Feedback or Facts, but he sampled a song by Gogosh. it's on Wikipedia pretty interesting
honestly wish I kept in touch with some people that I don't really know anymore
Kanye sampled some Iranian music in TLOP
WOOOOAAAAHHH   
goals
I graduated not her  DAR Constitution Hall   
they're still top of the table and on the way to defeat Spain so 
me too wtf
 Tyler is overconfident as evidenced by how she thought Belgium would beat Italy
every time I look away from the screen something happens
this game is just
yo wtf Quaresma has teardrop tattoos when did that happen
why does everything this child does   
you ain't even that cute
you look dusty
on their FIFA stats
who tf is Lean Quatifah   
you look dusty
4-0 you gump ass US team
THE COMMENTATOR IS USING BASKETBALL REFERENCES U NEEDA GTF
if Zardes was smart he would've made a run but
stupid US for those detached advertisement boards
it's a disgrace to real football
Alexi Lalas is the biggest gump in US soccer history, his caps for the US mean nothing in the real world lmfao
I hate American soccer commentators
the commentators are sicing the US too much
best thing Higuain has ever done is leave Madrid
LOL GG USA
I'm surprised that it's only 2-0
not far enough
ref pls don't let Guzan go OMG
for who
THE US IS GARBAGE OHHHH MY GOD LOWER TABLE ENGLISH TEAMS ARE BETTER
chill Brad Guzan is an international star
 endless hearts for my BFF
all time leading scorer wtf
best in the world
beautiful
lmao my dad was like tomorrow trump is going to come out and say "all the Argentinians need to leave the country"
why was Klinnsman clapping lmfao
best city in the world  
can we not spoil
grad gifts >>>
why is this promoted lmao 
haha
oh no
Happy Father's Day to the greatest. You're my inspiration to be the best so I can repay you for   
that's so sad wtf he's a great actor  
Sherlock Holmes, game of thrones, fight club, you're too predictable
BET 
bettery
French Roast is coming on the red carpet with me
winning at film festivals just gets easier and easier  Annandale High School   
u saw it live so I'll let you pass
maybe I shouldn't be retweeting food idk
school, it's the cafeteria I'm pretty sure. back entrance
yup
cold ice is the best ice  
who's he
if you are breathing then watch this rn  
great use of an ancient meme
she did
if someone has extra tickets pls me
expose him
do it
Dempsey you beast
"calm down and roll one" - Mahlate
never
when he calls you to tell you that the snap streak is about to run out >>>>> 
Camelot Elementary
Columbia Elementary
Glasgow MS
Poe MA
Annandale High School
VT   
are u telling me I need to rebuild myself
imma start saying shut up instead of say less
say even less than you were saying before
Joachim Lowe looks like a German SRK
chill that's exactly what it means
when the price for keeping your phone is having a bunch of selfies taken on it 
I'm going to miss AHS so much
when you can't shake anyone's hand because you have more important things to worry about    
AHS Film Festival tonight at 6pm! $5 at the door!
it's so funny when people talk about food then look at me and go like "omg I'm so sorry"
one of my fav tweets tbh
you can rt your own tweets now wtf
I hate u
 SO good
summer   
she's got a slight point
it's too late for that
why isn't Blacksburg on the poll
you said it better the first time
too much
can't be getting this angry during Ramadan
Tim Gray is a cooler name than Tim Cook anyways
write a letter to Tim Cook y'all have the same first name anyways
just too many unnecessary new features for other stuff I think
I feel like they just threw up their brainstorming board onto an iPhone and called it iOS 10
"... but also let's kick out the Muslims and Mexicans because they're terrorists and drug dealers."  
iOS 10 is taking user friendliness to a whole new level
uncultured people will throw any kind rice and curry together and call it biryani  
what a golazo
the power on that shot wtf
English is the language for UEFA and FIFA I think
PELLÉ YOU GUANT
GARBAGEEEEEE
OKG GIACCHERINI SORRY FOR DOUBTING YOU
what dem is
I don't wanna play as this gump tho  
I just want Belgium v Italia rn
aight u can eat fire I'll keep eating my samosas
first off what tf r u doing eating oatmeal
not my fault they didn't give u one boi
thanks  
haven't seen the 4-6-0 in a while  
the thing about "radical Islamic terrorism" is that it's not Islamic at all. if killing is condemned in Islam then how are they related?
what is this garbage 
Ali Bomaye
u haram boi
u gtg  
burn him at the stake  
I feel like BBQ sauce is underrated sometimes
I like the girl tho because her origin story is really unique and interesting but idc about Guy Gardner
I don't like Guy Gardner's costume
 yo happy birthday dude! every time I see you you look even fresher, good luck in college man you'll do great things!
yeah I got u, if u go into your wallet and grab a $5 bill you can get in using that
it isn't for free wtf
watch movies at the AHS Film Festival on Wednesday, June 15 at the auditorium. Tickets are sold at the door only $5!!!
Kimbo Slice isn't dead!!!! 
what a useless tweet  
cracked my screen protector 
then thank god for Marvel saving spidey
STOP LOL I SWEAR THATS NOT THE REAL ASM2 POSTER
I don't even wanna know 
I'd like a "bet" with a side of "say less"
I miss my old hat
04/15/1998
throw hands rn
happy national best friend day to my national best friend  National Mall   
listen you're making it look worse than it actually is
why is this news he's a president he has things to do  
gotta visit Easter Island before it's taken over by the rising sea level
yeah exactly I agree, constructive criticism is better than just outright hate against the app, which is what I don't like
since when do U tweet like this
not saying they're God or anything, just saying that people should appreciate the efforts before ranting about it
snapchat's update is actually really innovative and it'll grow on you quickly, give it a try before you hate on it
don't ever hate on an app's update, countless people worked on it to make something more enjoyable and user friendly for you
I hate a goofy especially
I was blessed to win an award for a commercial I made with Shank at the VHSL film festival,   
no Ramadan snap filter smh
#Ramadan Mubarak
that's what rose said in titanic
you might just get hit with the RICO  
ok let's calm down now you don't put sugar on pasta
it's hard to look this good and stay humble   
telling everyone I saw*
goals
this sucks 2016
I meant it to everyone except for you
one of my favorite parts of prom was telling everyone how good they looked
  Prom   
uh no it's not what are you saying  
computer programmer 
yeah we do
this song is legitimately too good 
yeah but she doesn't hate me
Nhung > Neej always
contain it
aren't u a girl
I swear if jay z only has 2 bars again   
gracias
sorry but try it out
ITS THE BEST THING YOULL EVER TRY TRUST ME
THE EGG DID NOT RUIN IT TAKE THAT BACK IT WAS SO GOOD
I've been famous boi
when u tell him u gotta shower and he says "without me? ;)" 
is everyone listening to one dance today wtf
before you realize an innocent gorilla was killed vs after 
new signing    
someone got into my aunt's car last night and took the change in her little cup holder that's so shitty
I'm so very thankful
IM SOLO 
perfect song before I go to bed 
got thrown into a crazy group chat tonight
in pieces
happened twice
LOL I'm already scared, I don't think it can get any worse
count me in
will I regret this
I made the greatest throwback Apple Music playlist ever if you want it lmk
already sent out invites
there's another ice age movie coming out lmao
I love him  
beep beep
toot toot
that gump in the fourth pic gotta go  
how else would I be able to repay the Corps of Cadets than by tweeting pure gold
when something happens >>>>>>>
Phillipe Senderos is still playing football???
some people just deserved to be drop kicked y'know
now that I know the story behind it, cap saying hail hydra is not the worst idea ever
there's one scene with Loki flying on a Chitauri air bike thing and the shot is from in front of him, it looks so bad now
the one with the 6 day snap streak 
I hate everyone 
full kit wanker  
it's a matter of perspective
this is the face of a man who has lost it all 
who is this guy  
no  
but I literally don't know who he is me Chris Pozo David went to the classroom and he was thwre
I'm so serious guys who is he
find his  
he does this like every year it's getting old dude  
go home roger
Dinho
you just summed up Man U
thicker than a bowl of oatmeal
great tweet
this is a good tweet
you're LITERALLY Kit Harrington
WHO RUNS THIS ACCOUNT  
it's pretty easy tbh (Vine by )   
dance with dora - episode 1 (Vine by )   
stay cool
go check insta lol
hold up I'm using that as an insta caption
the flex never ends
ALLA is one of the only albums I can go back to at any time and listen to without a problem
yo   someone warn Carlos
T'Challa's wife?  
LOL I can't see you listening to this
grey's anatomy is trash I agree
also 
this is why you're the best Kerim
wear that scarf to school and you'll look the same
sophisticated ass avi
I saw a lot of people making really good food on their snap stories, I'm such a good influence
oh no who's going to tell Ter Stegen how to save the shots now
soundcloud
it'll be worth it
or Pusha T clearing his mucus
Travis Scott's Uber Everywhere remix was better than the original
if you put a "before" snap but no "after" snap I'll probably cease communications with you
I'm so excited for this
is it too late to try the cinnamon challenge
I think the mom probably gave me a look
a couple days ago in a parking lot I had my windows down and I was playing rap and there was a curse word and I saw a little kid I felt bad
Alexander Hamilton
negativo
vine it
what should I make for breakfast
I was so happy in my dream
had a dream I got a PS4 and a Wii U then I woke up and was really disappointed
dammit stupid keyboard
we get ittttt I'm going to VT 
chill Hokies aren't snakes we're birds
slowly becoming a better cook
maybe it'll be like a late entry or something don't lose hope
my favorite rap song
YES
shshshshshaken not stirred
seham looks like a happy dad taking his daughter and her friends out for lunch  
adding a crunch factor to any kind of food automatically makes it better
that happened to me at the hospital they tried and failed 3 times before they could find one
snow crabs are so intimidating
come through next tome
I did an hour later and then u said u weren't there smh
u don't understand how dumb I felt I was looking around for u for like an hour
neither does 
so sad but you’re welcome
aww finn made the cut
for virtual graduation are they still going to call all of our names?? like it flashes to each person’s screen as their name is called and everyone smiles and waves and pretends to grab their diploma???
Ahmad this one wasn’t as meaningful bc I know it wasn’t you tweeting
ah ha ha?
:(
 I just heard a girl in the hokie house bathroom say she came for “the experience”. Thoughts?
Omg work w me!!
where’s geo when you need him?
Helen you tweet at me but won’t talk to me a desk away smh
appreciate you guys and how long our group has been going
 you need this
a summary of my life is that I get more likes and dms on LinkedIn than any other social media
I’d like to officially announce that I can cancel my Leetcode premium subscription 
200 OK
i can’t hang bc i gotta REST 
this is so nerdy i can’t
if someone is parked over their parking spot line is it my fault if I hit them be honest
“Are you prepared to help in case of an emergency?” 
Wow go off
nerd
this made me laugh so hard
Is this Len omg? I was about to email him
bruh that one hurt :(((
I’ve never seen you this happy 
I made it !
Smh I saw the sunset w you yesterday
im crying
I’m so upset bc I feel like this doesn’t work for me
!!!!
I’ve literally waited my whole life for this. We’re going to the Stanley Cup!!! #ALLCaps 
girls night out  Big Al's   
WELCΘME HΘME!  Virginia Tech   
Congrats on surviving the first 3 weeks as my roommate!  Virginia Tech   
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade and go greek!  Virginia   
  Charlotte, North Carolina   
1 year and counting with my best friend! I'm really so lucky to call   
You know you picked the right school when you can't wait to be back   
Trying to hold on to AM like our last week of summer  Lake Anna   
Thanks for letting me drag you around D.C. for the past week. I   
  Union Market DC   
red eyes to makeup for the lack of red in my outfit  United   
I'm a day late with posting, but happy birthday to the best brother   
Thanks for another fun trip in Atlanta! I can't wait for my turn to   
T-minus 3 days until I'm back with my two favs!!! #missyou #loveyou   
Our first time in Shanghai and first time in Disney  Shanghai   
China has been pretty GREAT  Great Wall of China   
Beijing views  Summer Palace   
Every year...
I'm sad to be leaving my best friend today, but I'm happy that we   
Not a bad day to be a caps fan #ontogame7
Happy birthday to my bff since day 1 of college! Sad you're leaving   
Combined appreciation and happy birthday post for my biggie. Love   
Yes caps
Are you kidding me